This extension collects the conversations you are having with open large language models (“chat-bots”). By using this extension, you are giving your permission to contribute your conversations’ content (both your side of the conversation, and the model’s) for creating an open-license chat-bot conversations dataset, a valuable resource for the open-source community. The conversations will be released with the most permissive restriction that is allowed by the specific model.

The extension supports a couple of chat-bots demos, all within Huggingface Spaces. You will see a banner on the top of the demo page indicating it. You can choose not to share a particular conversation by clicking on the ‘do not share’ button. As an additional precaution, the conversations are not posted to the database immediately. You can see the conversations from the last 8 hours in the extension popup window and remove them. To stop sharing your conversations permanently, please disable or remove the extension. Note that removing the extension does not delete the conversations you have already made. 
 
We are not collecting any identifying metadata (such as IP address, location, local time, browser type, etc.). However, it is possible that you will be identified by the content of your conversations. Therefore, please avoid sharing conversations with Identifying/sensitive content (names, e-mail addresses, etc.), as the content of your conversations will be publicly released. If you accidentally shared the content of a conversation you prefer to keep private, please fill the contact form asking us to remove it (available in the extension popup). You can ask to remove all your conversations at any time from the repository, but please note that after the dataset was already released it is very likely that someone has already downloaded and saved an old version of it. You are encouraged to use this form also for reporting conversations that are copyrighted, defamatory, threatening to others, violating of others' privacy, or that you view as harmful if released.


The research is conducted by Shachar Don-Yehiya, Leshem Choshen and Omri Abend at the Hebrew University. For more questions, please contact us at shareLM.project@gmail.com

Participation is from age 18 and over only.

Participation is voluntary. Thank you for your contribution!

